README.md, before:

# Anvil.js

Anvil.js is a lightweight JavaScript library that simplifies the creation and management of 2D scenes for web applications. It provides an easy-to-use interface for rendering graphics, handling user input, implementing physics simulations, and incorporating lighting effects.

## Capabilities
- can handle multiple scene
- lighting
- physics
- collision detection
- input
- mouse input

# Getting Started


To get started, install the library into your HTML
```html
<script src = "/dist/anvil.min.js"></script>
```

> Make sure to grab `.min.js`, as that is the bundled version. Otherwise, install `/deps/gpu.js` and `/deps/matter.js` alongside it.

Create a canvas element in your HTML file where you want to render the scene.

```html
<canvas id="myCanvas" width="800" height="600"></canvas>
```


Now, you can start using Anvil.js to create and manage your 2D scenes.

# Features

## 1. Scene Management

Anvil.js provides a `Scene` class for managing 2D scenes. You can easily create scenes, add objects (polygons and sprites), enable physics, and control the rendering loop.

```js
const myScene = new Scene({
  width: 800,
  height: 600,
  canvas: document.getElementById("myCanvas"),
  fpsMonitoringEnabled: true,
  lighting: true,
  physics: true,
  start: true,
});
```

## 2. Polygon and Sprite Objects
Anvil.js supports two types of objects: `Polygon` for geometric shapes and `Sprite` for image-based objects. You can create, manipulate, and add these objects to the scene.

Example: Creating a Polygon
```js
const myPolygon = new Polygon({
  points: [[0, 0], [50, 0], [50, 50], [0, 50]],
  backgroundColor: "#00FF00",
});

myScene.addObject(myPolygon);
```

Example: Creating a Sprite
```js
const mySprite = new Sprite({
  url: "path/to/image.png",
  coordinates: [100, 100],
  width: 50,
  height: 50,
});

myScene.addObject(mySprite);
```

On top of that, Anvil.js also allows for creating your own game objects by extending the parent class `GameObject`:

```js
class MyFancyGameObject extends GameObject
```

## 3. Input Monitoring
Anvil.js provides an `Input` class for monitoring keyboard and mouse events. You can easily create monitors and handle events.

Example: Monitoring Arrow Keys
```js
const moveLeft = new Input("ArrowLeft");
const moveRight = new Input("ArrowRight");

moveLeft.on = () => {
  // Handle left arrow key press
};

moveRight.on = () => {
  // Handle right arrow key press
};

moveLeft.activate();
moveRight.activate();
```

## 4. Lighting Effects
Anvil.js supports lighting effects within the scene. You can create and manipulate light sources to enhance the visual appeal of your application.

Example: Adding Lights
```js
const myLight = new Light([100, 100], 0.7, 0.8, [255, 255, 255]);

myScene.addLight(myLight);
```

## 5. Physics Simulation
Anvil.js enables physics simulations for objects within the scene. You can enable physics on polygons and control their interactions.

Example: Enabling Physics on a Polygon
```js
const physicsPolygon = new Polygon({
  points: [[0, 0], [50, 0], [50, 50], [0, 50]],
  backgroundColor: "#0000FF",
  physicsEnabled: true,
  physicsOptions: { mass: 10, friction: 0.5 },
});

myScene.addObject(physicsPolygon);
```

# Examples

Check out the provided demo examples to see Anvil.js in action:

1. [Lighting example wth multiple lights](/demos/demo1.html)
2. [Physics Demo with Player-Controlled Square](/demos/demo2.html)
3. [No Physics and No lights demo](/demos/demo3.html)

# Documentation

For detailed documentation and usage instructions, refer to the [Anvil.js Documentation](https://github.com/sojs-coder/Anvil/wiki).

# License

Anvil.js is licensed under the MIT License

Commit message:

My suggestions
The wording for the capabilities felt a bit weird, I also think it the "install" instructions should just be to add the script into your HTML as you aren't actually "installing" anything. 
Just my two cents do with it what you will.

README.md, after:

# Anvil.js

Anvil.js is a lightweight JavaScript library that simplifies the creation and management of 2D scenes for web applications. It provides an easy-to-use interface for rendering graphics, handling user input, implementing physics simulations, and incorporating lighting effects.

## Capabilities
- multiple scenes
- lighting
- physics
- collision detection
- keyboard input
- mouse input

# Getting Started


To get started, add the script to HTML file.
```html
<script src = "/dist/anvil.min.js"></script>
```

> Make sure to grab `.min.js`, as that is the bundled version. Otherwise, install `/deps/gpu.js` and `/deps/matter.js` alongside it.

Create a canvas element in your HTML file where you want to render the scene.

```html
<canvas id="myCanvas" width="800" height="600"></canvas>
```


Now, you can start using Anvil.js to create and manage your 2D scenes.

# Features

## 1. Scene Management

Anvil.js provides a `Scene` class for managing 2D scenes. You can easily create scenes, add objects (polygons and sprites), enable physics, and control the rendering loop.

```js
const myScene = new Scene({
  width: 800,
  height: 600,
  canvas: document.getElementById("myCanvas"),
  fpsMonitoringEnabled: true,
  lighting: true,
  physics: true,
  start: true,
});
```

## 2. Polygon and Sprite Objects
Anvil.js supports two types of objects: `Polygon` for geometric shapes and `Sprite` for image-based objects. You can create, manipulate, and add these objects to the scene.

Example: Creating a Polygon
```js
const myPolygon = new Polygon({
  points: [[0, 0], [50, 0], [50, 50], [0, 50]],
  backgroundColor: "#00FF00",
});

myScene.addObject(myPolygon);
```

Example: Creating a Sprite
```js
const mySprite = new Sprite({
  url: "path/to/image.png",
  coordinates: [100, 100],
  width: 50,
  height: 50,
});

myScene.addObject(mySprite);
```

On top of that, Anvil.js also allows for creating your own game objects by extending the parent class `GameObject`:

```js
class MyFancyGameObject extends GameObject
```

## 3. Input Monitoring
Anvil.js provides an `Input` class for monitoring keyboard and mouse events. You can easily create monitors and handle events.

Example: Monitoring Arrow Keys
```js
const moveLeft = new Input("ArrowLeft");
const moveRight = new Input("ArrowRight");

moveLeft.on = () => {
  // Handle left arrow key press
};

moveRight.on = () => {
  // Handle right arrow key press
};

moveLeft.activate();
moveRight.activate();
```

## 4. Lighting Effects
Anvil.js supports lighting effects within the scene. You can create and manipulate light sources to enhance the visual appeal of your application.

Example: Adding Lights
```js
const myLight = new Light([100, 100], 0.7, 0.8, [255, 255, 255]);

myScene.addLight(myLight);
```

## 5. Physics Simulation
Anvil.js enables physics simulations for objects within the scene. You can enable physics on polygons and control their interactions.

Example: Enabling Physics on a Polygon
```js
const physicsPolygon = new Polygon({
  points: [[0, 0], [50, 0], [50, 50], [0, 50]],
  backgroundColor: "#0000FF",
  physicsEnabled: true,
  physicsOptions: { mass: 10, friction: 0.5 },
});

myScene.addObject(physicsPolygon);
```

# Examples

Check out the provided demo examples to see Anvil.js in action:

1. [Lighting example wth multiple lights](/demos/demo1.html)
2. [Physics Demo with Player-Controlled Square](/demos/demo2.html)
3. [No Physics and No lights demo](/demos/demo3.html)

# Documentation

For detailed documentation and usage instructions, refer to the [Anvil.js Documentation](https://github.com/sojs-coder/Anvil/wiki).

# License

Anvil.js is licensed under the MIT License
